Added jtreg-buffer external suite (#5167)
adoptium/aqa-tests: external/jtreg-buffer/README.md

# External jtreg-buffer Tests

> jtreg-buffer are tests, which under normal circumstances would end in OpenJDK regression test repositories, but they did not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
jtreg-buffer are tests, which ideally should end in OpenJDK regression test repositories.
```

> However, original authors disappeared, upstream did not accepted the change, or there was not proper time, or the author was simply lazy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Those tests are pulled from https://github.com/rh-openjdk/jtreg-buffer repository. Buffer, like queue for waiting to be upstreamed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tests are pulled from the https://github.com/rh-openjdk/jtreg-buffer repository.
```

> On long run, all those tests should be upstreamed but it is approx 2years of man work and maybe upstreamed will not accept them all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If there is such test on  your side, feel free to contribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
